meet Mohammed Mohammed
Abdullah
three young guys from war-torn guards
are showing us their latest moves this
is parkour free running urban acrobatics
Garza style they saw it on TV four years
ago and fell in love they've been
practicing ever since here in the
hometown of town unis they're even on
YouTube now showing off their moves and
seeking help and advice from the outside
world there is real talent and passion
here desperate for a bigger stage and
the select the one it's an adventure for
us it says freeze our spirit because we
can't get out of Gaza this is one way to
express the freedom we feel inside up
pillars up trees even into a dried-up
old fountain anything will do as long as
they push the envelope a little further
with every move how about to backflips
instead of one Gaza is hardly the ideal
environment for this new sport to the
boys find wherever they can to hone
their skills this is a cemetery this is
a school me very angry headmistress who
didn't want us or the boys to be here
one broken microphone later we left had
a little young Jews leer what you saw
today sometimes people even call the
police we have to run for it he says
many people don't want us to do this
here we're under a lot of pressure
they're not put off they dream of London
and Paris one day representing Palestine
in international competition and of
course helping new talent whenever they
find it um ah great three young guys
from Gaza with big parts and big dreams
Simon McGregor would ABC News Gaza